Monica, Alma, Jackson, Kate

- Kate discusses the topic issue that she and Jackson have run into and how it's not in the ontology
  - Monica agrees with the idea of skipping the topic for now and working on the things we can now
  - Monica explains that topic was supposed to be a general header
  - We plan "data-thon" for June 1st to try to really understand what these variables are
- We talk about get tribal ACS data from: https://www.census.gov/tribal
  - Can we adapt https://github.com/UA-SRC-data/data_loaders/blob/master/acs5/fetch_from_acs.py
